This is a structured layout of the current project.
# Objects
## `List`
The container where `ListItem`s are stored.<br/><br/>
Attributes:
- `persistence` - enum, described behavior after completion: persists, gets archived, or gets deleted.
- `display_name` - The user-defined name for display.
- `items` - list of `ListItem`s that are on this list.

Methods:
- `add` - add a `ListItem` (required param: item, the `ListItem` to be added)
- `remove` - remove a `ListItem` (required param: item, the `ListItem` to be removed)
- `change_name` - changes the value of `display_name` to name (required param: name, a `str`)

## `ListItem` & Subclasses
For use with single items. General superclass implementing common functions, most actual items should be one of the below-listed subclasses in practice.<br/><br/>
Attributes:
- `status` - enum: "Completed", "Incomplete", "Partially Complete", "In Progress", "On the backburner", "Abandoned". Class variable is the enumerated list, instance variable corresponds to one of the enumerated options.
- `is_time_sensitive` - boolean, self-explanatory.
- `recurrence` - enum: "daily", "weekly", "monthly", "yearly". Class variable is the enumerated list, instance variable corresponds to one of the enumerated options. No recurrence instance uses built-in None for easy testing.
- `recurrence_interval` - int, number of units (as defined in `recurrance`) in between occurrences of a recurring item. Default is -1 for non-recurring items.
- `scheduled_time` - int denoting the time in "seconds since the epoch" in accordance with the python standard library's `time` module.
- `text` - user-entered text describing the item.

Methods:
- comparison operators: `__gt__`, `__lt__`, `__ge__`, `__le__`, `__eq__`, `__ne__` - implemented here for comparisons across all classes of `ListItem`s, compares two items by their `scheduled_time` according to the specific operator.
- `__str__` - returns the printable version of the item.

### `SingleItem` extends `ListItem`
Used for an item that appears once with no recurrence. Functionally, most items on a list should be represented internally by this class, but many will be generated by an `ItemGenerator` on the user end.

Sets `recurrence` to "none" & `recurrence_interval` to -1 on creation.

User use case: "Change a light bulb".

### `RecurringItem` extends `ListItem`
Used for an item that appears at regular intervals without input needed from the user. Get `recurrence` & `recurrence_interval` from the user's input.

User use case: Do Laundry weekly on Thursday.

Stray thought: Might be worth merging this into `ItemGenerator` & having a flag set to auto-generate on new list rather than having another whole subclass for something so similar.

### `ItemGenerator` extends `ListItem`
Used for when a user wants to generate an item on a regular interval. Should be able to add & delete multiple presets.

User use case: Do x schoolwork on y day of the week (generated weekly as it is known that work has to be done weekly but not known what has to be done)

## `Project`
- Multiply inherits from both `List` & `ListItem`, because it both stores other `ListItem`s & is itself a `ListItem` to be stored on a `List`.
# Views
## Temporal Views
- Day Overview
- Week Overview
- Month Overview
## Item Views
- `ListItem` Detail view
- Edit `ListItem`
- `Project` Overview
- Edit `Project` Contents